fixed broken links, typos (#8783)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/building-modules/simulator.md

values defined in a `params` file), they are marshaled to JSON format and added
to the app genesis JSON to use it on the simulations.

> You can check an example on how to create the randomized genesis [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/x/staking/simulation/genesis.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check an example on how to create the randomized genesis [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.42.0//x/staking/simulation/genesis.go).
```

same here
